docs: initial billing page (#28438)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/administration/billing.md

---
title: "Usage & billing"
description: "Understand the billing model of Materialize, and learn best practices for cost control."
menu:
  main:
    parent: "manage"
    weight: 50
---

Materialize determines billing based on your compute and storage usage.
Materialize bills per second based on the [cluster(s)](/concepts/clusters/) you
provision for your workloads. Each cluster is a pool of resources (CPU, memory,
and scratch disk space) that must stay up and running to continually provide you
with always-fresh results.

## Compute

In Materialize, [clusters](/concepts/clusters/) are pools of compute resources
(CPU, memory, and scratch disk space) for running your workloads, such as
maintaining up-to-date results while also providing strong [consistency
guarantees](/get-started/isolation-level/). The credit usage for a cluster is
measured at a one second granularity.

> You must provision at least one cluster to power your workloads. You can then
> use the cluster to create the object ([indexes](/concepts/indexes/) and
> [materialized views](/concepts/views/#materialized-views)) that provide
> always-fresh results. In Materialize, both indexes and materialized views are
> incrementally maintained when Materialize ingests new data. That is, Materialize
> performs work on writes such that no work is performed when reading from these
> objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provision at least one cluster to power your workloads. You can then
create objects that provide always-fresh results in that cluster ([indexes](/concepts/indexes/)
and [materialized views](/concepts/views/#materialized-views)). In Materialize,
both indexes and materialized views are incrementally maintained when
Materialize ingests new data. That is, Materialize performs work on writes such
that no work is performed when reading from these objects.
```

Reviewer: Needs at least object->objects.

Author: QQ: For the materialized views ... that will provide always-fresh results across clusters, yes?

Author: Then, will go with object -> objects.

The cluster size for a workload will depend on the workload's compute and
storage requirements. To help users select the correct cluster size for their
workload, Materialize uses cluster size names that are based on the compute
credit, specifically, "centicredits" or `cc` (1/100th of a compute credit). For
example, the `25cc` cluster size is equivalent to 0.25 compute credits/hour; the
`200cc` cluster size is equivalent to 2 compute credits/hour. Larger clusters
can process data faster and handle larger data volumes.

{{< note >}}

You can resize a cluster to respond to changes in your workload:

- For clusters that contain storage objects (i.e., sources and sinks), resizing
  incurs **downtime**.

- For clusters that contain compute objects **only** (i.e., indexes and
  materialized views), resizing does **not** incur downtime.

{{</ note >}}

> Clusters are always "on", and you can adjust the [replication
> factor](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/create-cluster/#replication-factor) for
> fault tolerance. See [Compute cost factors](#compute-cost-factors) for more
> information on the cost of increasing a cluster's replication factor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clusters are always "on", and you can adjust the [replication factor](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/create-cluster/#replication-factor)
for fault tolerance. See [Compute cost factors](#compute-cost-factors) for more
information on the cost of increasing a cluster's replication factor.
```

Reviewer: The link would break with the new line!

### Compute cost factors

The credit usage for a cluster is measured at a one second granularity. Factors
that contribute to compute usage include:

> | Factor | Notes       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cost factor | Details       |
```

| [Replication factor for a cluster](/sql/create-cluster/#replication-factor). | Cost is calculated (at one second granularity) as cluster [`SIZE`](/sql/create-cluster/#size) * [`REPLICATION FACTOR`](/sql/create-cluster/#replication-factor). |
| [Indexes](/concepts/indexes/) and [materialized views](/concepts/views) | As data changes (insert/update/delete), [indexes](/concepts/indexes/) and [materialized views](/concepts/views) perform incremental updates to provide up-to-date results. |

> | [Sources](/concepts/sources/) |• Sources that have upsert logic (i.e., [`ENVELOPE UPSERT`](/sql/create-sink/kafka/#upsert) or [`ENVELOPE DEBEZIUM` Kafka sources](/sql/create-sink/kafka/#debezium)) can lead to high memory and disk utilization.<br>•Non-upsert sources consume a negligible amount of resources, both during snapshotting and in steady state.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Sources](/concepts/sources/) |• Sources that use upsert logic (i.e., [`ENVELOPE UPSERT`](/sql/create-sink/kafka/#upsert) or [`ENVELOPE DEBEZIUM` Kafka sources](/sql/create-sink/kafka/#debezium)) can lead to high memory and disk utilization.<br>• Other sources consume a negligible amount of resources in steady state. |
```

Reviewer: Not yet true for snapshotting, so let's just keep it at steady state!

| [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/)  |• [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/) that do not use indexes and materialized views perform work. <br>• [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/) that use indexes and materialized views are **free**.|
| [Sinks](/concepts/sinks/) | Only small CPU/memory costs.|

## Storage

In Materialize, storage is roughly proportional to the size of your source

> datasets plus the size of materialized views, with some overhead from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
datasets plus the size of any materialized views, with some overhead from
```

> uncompacted previous values of data and system metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uncompacted data and system metrics.
```

> Materialize uses cheap, scalable object storage (S3 on AWS) as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Materialize uses cheap, scalable object storage (Amazon S3) for its
```

storage layer, and primarily passes the cost through to the customer. At a rate
of 0.0000411 USD per GB/hr, 1 TB stored for one month (730 hrs) equates to 30
USD.

> With the exception of Append-only sources, most data in Materialize is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the exception of append-only sources, most data in Materialize is
```

> With the exception of Append-only sources, most data in Materialize is
> continually compacted. As such, the total state stored in Materialize tends to
> grow at a rate that is more similar to OLTP databases than traditional cloud
> data warehouses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most data in Materialize is continually compacted, with the exception of
[append-only sources](/sql/create-source/#append-only-envelope). As such, the
total state stored in Materialize tends to grow at a rate that is more similar
to OLTP databases than traditional cloud data warehouses.
```

> ## Invoice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Invoices
```

{{< note >}}

> Access to usage and billing requires **administrator** privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing usage and billing information in Materialize requires **administrator** privileges.
```

{{</ note >}}

> From the [Materialize console](https://console.materialize.com/) (`Admin` >
> `Usage & Billing`), administrators can access their invoice. The invoice
> provides Compute and Storage usage and cost information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an **administrator**, you can access your usage and billing information via
the [Materialize console](https://console.materialize.com/). To see the
invoices for your organization, which break down compute and storage usage and
cost information, navigate to **`Admin`** > **`Usage & Billing`**.
```

Reviewer: Can we at least replace invoice->invoices, @kay-kim?

---
title: "Usage & billing"
description: "Understand the billing model of Materialize, and learn best practices for cost control."
menu:
  main:
    parent: "manage"
    weight: 50
---

{{< note >}}
Access to usage and billing requires **administrator** privileges.
{{</ note >}}

Materialize determines billing based on your storage and compute usage.

## Invoice

From the [Materialize console](https://console.materialize.com/) (`Admin` >
`Usage & Billing`), administrators can access their invoice. The invoice
provides Compute and Storage usage and cost information.

## Storage

> In Materialize, storage is roughly proportional to the size of your source

Author: From the https://materialize.com/pricing/ page faq.

| Each [replica for a cluster](/sql/create-cluster/#replication-factor). | The credit usage for a cluster is measured at a one second granularity for each cluster replica. For a cluster replica, its credit usage begins when it is provisioned and ends when it is deprovisioned. |
| [Indexes](/concepts/indexes/) and [materialized views](/concepts/views) | As data changes (insert/update/delete), [indexes](/concepts/indexes/) and [materialized views](/concepts/views) perform incremental updates to provide up-to-date results. That is: <br>• Indexes and materialized views perform work on "writes"<br>• Indexes and materialized views perform **no** work on "reads" from these objects; i.e., [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/) from these objects are **free**. |

> | [Sources](/concepts/sources/) | Depends. |

Author: Hey @morsapaes -- Jessica recommended that you might have some suggestions on how we want to frame what costs w.r.t. sources.

Reviewer: Non-upsert sources consume a negligible amount of resources, both during snapshotting and in steady state. What really costs $$ is sources that have upsert logic (_i.e._ `ENVELOPE UPSERT` or `ENVELOPE DEBEZIUM` Kafka sources). So, the way to phrase this is that it depends on the source type, and the semantics of the source, with upsert sources being cost-intensive because we need to maintain the entire key space in memory for deduplication (well, we can partly spill to disk).

| [Sinks](/concepts/sinks/) | Only small CPU/memory costs.|

### Compute cost reductions

Some considerations for lowering costs:

- [Optimize queries](/transform-data/optimization/).

- Avoid creating unnecessary indexes. For example,

  - If you have created various views to act as the building blocks for a view
    from which you will serve the results, indexing the serving view only may
    be sufficient.

  - In Materialize, underlying data structure that is being maintained for an
    index (or a materialized view) can be reused by other views/queries. As
    such, an existing index may be sufficient to support your queries.

- For <redb>development</redb> clusters, you can set your replicas to zero when
  not using your <redb>development</redb> clusters.

## Additional references

- https://materialize.com/pricing/

- [How Materialized can lower the cost of freshness for data teams](https://materialize.com/promotions/cost-of-freshness/?utm_campaign=General&utm_source=documentation)

> <style>

Author: Temporary.  As discussed in earlier PR, in a PR for quickstart work, will have text styles not be ad-hoc.  Until then, to keep this PR compact, will do the brute force here and clean up as part of quickstart PR.

---
title: "Usage & billing"
description: "Understand the billing model of Materialize, and learn best practices for cost control."
menu:
  main:
    parent: "manage"
    weight: 50
---

{{< note >}}
Access to usage and billing requires **administrator** privileges.
{{</ note >}}

> Materialize determines billing based on your storage and compute usage.

Reviewer 2: I think we can pull some info from the longer Note later on to these first few sentences. Maybe something like:

> Materialize bills per second based on the cluster, or clusters, you provision to power your workloads. Each cluster is a pool of resources (CPU, memory, and scratch disk space) that must stay up and running to continually provide you with always-fresh results. The cluster size needed for any given workload will depend on that specific workload's Compute and Storage requirements.

> ## Invoice

Reviewer 2: Maybe kick this to the bottom? It feels like the right ordering here will be: Compute, Storage, then Invoices!

From the [Materialize console](https://console.materialize.com/) (`Admin` >
`Usage & Billing`), administrators can access their invoice. The invoice
provides Compute and Storage usage and cost information.

> ## Storage

Author: 👍  We'll just need to make sure that we're notified whenever the rate changes in the future so that we can update our content.

In Materialize, storage is roughly proportional to the size of your source

> datasets plus the size of materialized views, with some overhead from

Reviewer 3: This is under "Storage" though, right? Indexes shouldn't affect your storage costs.

> datasets plus the size of materialized views, with some overhead from

Reviewer: Oh, yes! Momentarily forgot what section I was reviewing.

uncompacted previous values of data and system metrics.

With the exception of Append-only sources, most data in Materialize is
continually compacted. As such, the total state stored in Materialize tends to
grow at a rate that is more similar to OLTP databases than traditional cloud
data warehouses.

## Compute

> In Materialize, [clusters](/concepts/clusters/) are pools of compute resources

Reviewer 2: Then I think we can put the rest of the text from the Note below here. A really rough sketch:

> You must provision at least one cluster to power your workloads. You can then use that cluster to create the database objects that will provide you with always-fresh results: views with an index and materialized views.
>
> In Materialize, both views with an index and materialized views are incrementally maintained. That means that Materialize performs work on write, or when Materialize ingests new data. Materialize then performs no work on read, or when you `SELECT` from these objects.
>
> Materialize must be always on...

> (CPU, memory, and, optionally, scratch disk space) for running your workloads;

Author: Also snuck in change to remove "enable spill to disk" on [sql/create-source/kafka.md](https://github.com/MaterializeInc/materialize/pull/28438/files#diff-3b8796ce89724686a9aba8486483aa6be62e83c91586458b47f1aff075f9b603)

such as maintaining up-to-date results while also providing strong [consistency
guarantees](/get-started/isolation-level/). The credit usage for a cluster is
measured at a one second granularity for each cluster replica.

To help users select the correct cluster size for their workload, Materialize
uses cluster size names that are based on the compute credit, specifically,
"centicredits" or `cc` (1/100th of a compute credit). For example, cluster size
of `25cc` is equivalent to 0.25 compute credits/hour and cluster size of
`200cc` is equivalent to 2 compute credits/hour. Larger clusters can process data faster and handle larger data volumes.

{{< tip >}}

> You can resize a cluster at any time, even while the cluster is running, to respond to changes in your workload.

Author: Also snuck in corresponding to [clusters page](https://github.com/MaterializeInc/materialize/pull/28438/files#diff-fde0ce36ffe8e965f289726d411dbdcb67c827694264ad49631ede0f7c214f26)

| [Indexes](/concepts/indexes/) and [materialized views](/concepts/views) | As data changes (insert/update/delete), [indexes](/concepts/indexes/) and [materialized views](/concepts/views) perform incremental updates to provide up-to-date results. That is: <br>• Indexes and materialized views perform work on "writes"<br>• Indexes and materialized views perform **no** work on "reads" from these objects; i.e., [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/) from these objects are **free**. |
| [Sources](/concepts/sources/) | Depends. |
| [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/)  |• [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/) that do not use indexes and materialized views perform work. <br>• [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/) that use indexes and materialized views are **free**.|
| [Sinks](/concepts/sinks/) | Only small CPU/memory costs.|

> ### Compute cost reductions

Reviewer: Does this belong in a page about billing? I'd expect something more in line with the current pricing page (_e.g._ with the available cluster sizes).

Author: This can definitely go away now. This was before this page had a definitive shape.

Author: As for cluster size, yup -- I saw https://materialize.com/docs/sql/create-cluster/#size -- but, it's kind of unwieldy looking list.  I figured I'll redo that list in a separate pull and share it across various pages, including this.

Some considerations for lowering costs:

- [Optimize queries](/transform-data/optimization/).

- Avoid creating unnecessary indexes. For example,

  - If you have created various views to act as the building blocks for a view
    from which you will serve the results, indexing the serving view only may
    be sufficient.

  - In Materialize, underlying data structure that is being maintained for an
    index (or a materialized view) can be reused by other views/queries. As
    such, an existing index may be sufficient to support your queries.

- For <redb>development</redb> clusters, you can set your replicas to zero when
  not using your <redb>development</redb> clusters.

## Additional references

- https://materialize.com/pricing/

> - [How Materialized can lower the cost of freshness for data teams](https://materialize.com/promotions/cost-of-freshness/?utm_campaign=General&utm_source=documentation)

Reviewer: Not sure how I feel about pointing to gated content from the documentation. We should at least make sure the gist of that content is captured in this page.

---
title: "Usage & Billing"
description: "Provides an overview of various factors that can affect cost."
menu:
  main:
    parent: "administration"
    weight: 10
---

From the [console](https://console.materialize.com/) (`Admin` > `Usage &
Billing`), administrators can access their invoice. The invoice provides
Compute and Storage usage and cost information.

Various factors can affect your costs, including (but not limited to):

- Each [replica for a cluster](/sql/create-cluster/#credit-usage). To see the
  number of replicas for your clusters, click on `Clusters` in the console,

> - Creating a [materialized view](/concepts/views/#materialized-views) as

Author: Figured I'd list the creating mat view and indexes, since I think these are things where people know but forget (since after you create them, they might not be thinking about them).

---
title: "Usage & Billing"

> description: "Provides an overview of various factors that can affect cost."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Understand the billing model of Materialize, and learn best practices for cost control."
```

menu:
  main:
    parent: "administration"
    weight: 10
---

> From the [console](https://console.materialize.com/) (`Admin` > `Usage &

Reviewer: I understand this is a first pass, but for a future iteration, it'd be good to stay consistent with existing documentation pages ([Access control](https://materialize.com/docs/manage/access-control/) is again a good example here) and _e.g._ add a short intro.

> From the [console](https://console.materialize.com/) (`Admin` > `Usage &

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the [Materialize console](https://console.materialize.com/) (`Admin` > `Usage &
```

Reviewer: Can't remember where we discussed this, but "Materialize console" is what the docs consistently use.

Billing`), administrators can access their invoice. The invoice provides
Compute and Storage usage and cost information.

> ## Cost Factors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cost factors
```

Reviewer: I wish there were a more crisp description of what costs money, before we get into specifics (_e.g._ in Materialize you pay for compute and storage). Also, it'd be great to explain that cluster sizes actually hint at their inherent cost (`cc` stands for centicredits), as explained in [this blogpost](https://materialize.com/blog/new-cluster-sizes/).

Various factors can affect your costs, including (but not limited to):

- Each [replica for a cluster](/sql/create-cluster/#credit-usage). To see the
  number of replicas for your clusters, click on `Clusters` in the console,

- Creating a [materialized view](/concepts/views/#materialized-views) as
  materialized view creation executes the underlying query and stores the
  results to durable storage, and materialized views incrementally updates
  results as inputs change. To see the views in a cluster, in the console's
  `Clusters` view, select the cluster to inspect, and click on the `Materialized
  Views` tab.

>   {{< note >}}

Reviewer 2: We might want to bump this notes to the "Cost Reductions" section?

  For more information on how incremental computations can lower the cost of
  freshness, see [How Materialized can lower the cost of freshness for data

>   team](https://materialize.com/promotions/cost-of-freshness/?utm_campaign=General&utm_source=documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  teams](https://materialize.com/promotions/cost-of-freshness/?utm_campaign=General&utm_source=documentation).
```

Reviewer: The "cost of freshness" is figurative, not sure I'd include this in a documentation page about billing.

Author: I think Jessica's suggestion of leading with the value may obviate the need for the notes. And can add the link to the paper as a see also or additional references section.

  {{< /note >}}

- Creating [indexes on a view](/concepts/indexes/) as index creation executes
  the underlying query, and indexes maintain and, as inputs change,

>   incrementally update view results in memory.

Reviewer: Does creating indexes increase spend outside of scenarios where you have to size up your cluster to get more memory? I'm slightly confused, because AFAIU as long as your cluster is appropriately sized, you won't pay more for creating indexes.

The same goes for sources (though here I'm actually not sure how/if we charge for storage). Maybe the confusing part is that, for anything that requires compute, you pay upfront with whatever cluster size you pick...no?

  {{< note >}}

  For more information on how incremental computations can lower the cost of
  freshness, see [How Materialized can lower the cost of freshness for data
  team](https://materialize.com/promotions/cost-of-freshness/?utm_campaign=General&utm_source=documentation).

>   {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: Repeat?

Author: Oh yup.  Just a little repeat to lighten the page to be not so things are going to cost you. But, I think Jessica's suggestion of leading with the value may obviate the need for the notes.

>   To see the indexes in a cluster, in the console's `Clusters` view, select the

Reviewer 2: What do you think about giving people the SQL options here, too? (Like [`SHOW INDEXES`](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/show-indexes/)?)

  cluster to inspect, and click on the `Indexes` tab.

- Maintaining [sources](/concepts/sources/). To see the sources for a cluster,
  in the console's `Clusters` view, select the cluster to inspect, and click on
  the `Sources` tab.

- Maintaining [sinks](/concepts/sinks/). To see the sinks for a cluster, in the
  console's `Clusters` view, select the cluster to inspect, and click on the
  `Sinks` tab.

- Executing [`SELECT`](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`](/sql/subscribe/)
  statements.  To see your query history, in the console, under `Monitoring`,
  select `Query History`.

> ## Cost Reductions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cost reductions
```

> Some considerations for lowering costs:

Reviewer: The most effective measure we've seen for cost lowering is [query optimization](https://materialize.com/docs/transform-data/optimization/). The downside is that this is very hard for users to figure out on their own today.

Author: Thanks!  Can add this to the top of the list.

- Create a view and an index rather than a materialized view.  See
  [Views](/concepts/views/).

> - Avoid creating random indexes. That is, create indexes appropriate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid creating unnecessary indexes. That is, create indexes appropriate
```

Reviewer: This is a tough one because it's currently hard to understand when you should even create an index.

>   for your use cases. See [Optimization](/transform-data/optimization/).

Author: Cara mentioned a good one about setting your replicas to zero when not using your cluster.

Reviewer: You'll need to be a bit prescriptive about that one, since it's mostly relevant for "development clusters" and not a generic recommendation. Here's a dump that might be helpful (also in general, for this PR): https://github.com/MaterializeInc/product/issues/215#issuecomment-1413024497

provision for your workloads. Each cluster is a pool of resources (CPU, memory,
and scratch disk space) that must stay up and running to continually provide you
with always-fresh results.

## Compute

In Materialize, [clusters](/concepts/clusters/) are pools of compute resources
(CPU, memory, and scratch disk space) for running your workloads, such as
maintaining up-to-date results while also providing strong [consistency
guarantees](/get-started/isolation-level/). The credit usage for a cluster is
measured at a one second granularity.

You must provision at least one cluster to power your workloads. You can then
use the cluster to create the objects ([indexes](/concepts/indexes/) and
[materialized views](/concepts/views/#materialized-views)) that provide
always-fresh results. In Materialize, both indexes and materialized views are
incrementally maintained when Materialize ingests new data. That is, Materialize
performs work on writes such that no work is performed when reading from these
objects.

The cluster size for a workload will depend on the workload's compute and
storage requirements. To help users select the correct cluster size for their

> workload, Materialize uses cluster size names that are based on the compute
> credit, specifically, "centicredits" or `cc` (1/100th of a compute credit). For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
workload, Materialize uses cluster size names that are based on the compute
credit spend, specifically, "centicredits" or `cc` (1/100th of a compute credit). For
```

| [Indexes](/concepts/indexes/) and [materialized views](/concepts/views) | As data changes (insert/update/delete), [indexes](/concepts/indexes/) and [materialized views](/concepts/views) perform incremental updates to provide up-to-date results. |
| [Sources](/concepts/sources/) |• Sources that use upsert logic (i.e., [`ENVELOPE UPSERT`](/sql/create-sink/kafka/#upsert) or [`ENVELOPE DEBEZIUM` Kafka sources](/sql/create-sink/kafka/#debezium)) can lead to high memory and disk utilization.<br>• Other sources consume a negligible amount of resources in steady state. |
| [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/)  |• [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/) that do not use indexes and materialized views perform work. <br>• [`SELECT`s](/sql/select/) and [`SUBSCRIBE`s](/sql/subscribe/) that use indexes and materialized views are **free**.|
| [Sinks](/concepts/sinks/) | Only small CPU/memory costs.|

## Storage

In Materialize, storage is roughly proportional to the size of your source
datasets plus the size of any materialized views, with some overhead from
uncompacted data and system metrics.

> Materialize uses cheap, scalable object storage (Amazon S3) for its
> storage layer, and primarily passes the cost through to the customer. At a rate
> of 0.0000411 USD per GB/hr, 1 TB stored for one month (730 hrs) equates to 30
> USD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Materialize uses cheap, scalable object storage for its storage layer
(Amazon S3), and primarily passes the cost through to the customer. At a rate
of 0.0000411 USD per GB/hr, 1 TB stored for one month (730 hrs) equates to 30
USD.
```

Most data in Materialize is continually compacted, with the exception of
[append-only sources](/sql/create-source/#append-only-envelope). As such, the
total state stored in Materialize tends to grow at a rate that is more similar
to OLTP databases than traditional cloud data warehouses.

## Invoices

> {{< note >}}
> Accessing usage and billing information in Materialize requires **administrator** privileges.
> {{</ note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
Accessing usage and billing information in Materialize
requires **administrator** privileges.
{{</ note >}}
```
